feat(jobs): permissions precisions (#5657)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-jobs/troubleshooting/job-in-error-state.mdx

- Make sure that you have built your image for an `amd64` architecture, as `arm64` is not supported. See the [Architecture](/serverless-jobs/reference-content/jobs-limitations/#architecture) documentation for more information.

- Make sure that your deployment does not exceed the limitations of [Serverless Jobs](/serverless-jobs/reference-content/jobs-limitations/).

> - Make sure to use the correct permissions when other products are involved [Permission dependencies](/serverless-jobs/how-to/run-job/#permissions-and-product-dependencies)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure to use the correct permissions when other products are involved - see the [permissions and product dependencies documentation](/serverless-jobs/how-to/run-job/#permissions-and-product-dependencies).
```
